---
layout: post
title: "New Version 24.04: Time After Time"
author: Dan Dennedy
category: blog
---

Version 24.04.28 is now available for [**DOWNLOAD**]({{ "/download/" | prepend: site.baseurl | prepend: site.url }})!

### Enhancements

- Added **Ambisonic Encoder** audio filter.
- Added **View > Scopes > Audio Vector**.
- Added **View > Scopes > Audio Surround**.
- Added **Settings > Time Format** to affect everywhere that timecode is displayed or editable.
- Added a indication to the on-video control for the **Ambisonic Decoder** audio filter.
- Added **Edit > Undo** and **Redo** support for adding, removing, and changing **Keyframes** (work in progress) for the following filters:
  - Fade In Audio
  - Fade Out Audio
  - Gain / Volume
  - Brightness
  - Color Grading
  - Contrast
  - Fade In Video
  - Fade Out Video
  - Text: Rich
  - Size, Position & Rotate
  - White Balance
- Added **Apply Copied Filters** to **Timeline > menu > Edit** and context menu that works with multiple selected clips.
 - Upgraded MLT to version 7.24.0.

### Fixes

- Fixed crash if the **Keyframes** panel is in a tab group along with **Filters**.
- Fixed **Elastic Scale** video filter can distort with preview scaling.
- Fixed dropping incompatible video file may not prompt conversion.
- Fixed color in **Properties > Convert > Best** if input video is BT.709 without signaling.
- Some fixes for **Settings > Audio Channels > 4 (quad)**.
- Fixed changes in **Filters** cannot after moving the clip on the **Timeline**.
- Fixed **Zoom Timeline to Fit** sometimes incorrect.
- Fixed batch analysis for **Stabilize** video filter on export with project folder.