---
layout: post
title: "New Version 26.2"
author: Dan Dennedy
category: blog
---

Version 26.2.26 is now available for [**DOWNLOAD**]({{ "/download/" | prepend: site.baseurl | prepend: site.url }})!

### Fixes

- Fixed crash when adding long video to **Timeline** with Qt 6.10.1 (broke in v26.1).
- Fixed black or green bottom bar on Windows with HEVC video source and **Settings > Preview Scaling > Use Hardware Decoder** plus preview scaling (broke in v26.1).
- Restored **Generate** to the main toolbar with **View > Show Text Under Icons** (changed in v26.1).
- Fixed crash in the **RGB Shift** video filter (broke in v25.12).
- Fixed FLAC export has a bad duration disabling scrub bars in players (broke in v25.12).
- Fixed crash on various enabled **Playlist** actions with nothing selected:
  - GoTo
  - Move Up
  - Move Down
  - Add Selected to Timeline
  - Add Selected to Slideshow
  - Sort By Name
  - Sort By Date
- Fixed **Show In Files** for a reverse job.
- Fixed choosing **Export > Codec > h264_videotool** on macOS not reliably setting B frames to 0.
- Fixed keyframes for **Text: Typewriter > Position &amp; Size** not working.

### Changes

- Added support for the underline and strikethrough options in the font dialog for the text filters.
- Added a search field to **Subtitles**.
- Added holding <kbd>Alt</kbd> while clicking **Mute** and **Hide** on the **Timeline** track to toggle all of the other tracks.
- Added holding <kbd>Shift</kbd> with the mouse wheel to **Zoom** the *player*.
- Added **Playlist > Log Event** (<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>E</kbd>) to append a 6 second clip (±3 secs) at the current **Source** player time.
- Improved the performance of **Timeline** and **Keyframes** waveforms rendering.
- Changed mouse wheel behavior for the **Video Zoom** video scope:
  - The wheel alone (no modifier key) now scrolls vertically.
  - Hold <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> to zoom.
  - Hold <kbd>Alt</kbd> to scroll horizontally.
- Removed **Settings > Player > Deinterlacer > Linear Blend** (obsolete, removed in FFmpeg).
